(Ryan)
Previously on this season
ofMillion Dollar Listing
New York...
(Fredrik)
Oh, my goodness.
- 3,100 foot, blended.
- It's a big price.
For that really high price,
you know what I need?
A scale model with lots
of beautiful renderings.
We have a very different
philosophy on that.
Have you looked into buying the
apartments in the entire floor?
That means
this is a buyout.
(Luis)
Buyouts are very difficult.
The sellers have all the power.
12 E, F,
the guy is never in town.
I don't even know
if we could track him down.
I must find
the owners of E and F.
I got an interesting call
this weekend
from this guy Michael,
who lives
at 230 Central Park South.
He's been approached
by Luis.
- Ortiz?
- Yes.
I feel that I'm being forced
out of the apartment.
I'm gonna give Luis,
our friend, a call.
I'm asking $10 million.
You son of a bitch.
I'd like us to take
the next step.
We want to ask you
if you would give
your eggs to us.
No.
They're my eggs.
I just cannot do it
right now.
I'm really,
really sorry.
We have been talking.
We think that the three of us
should have a baby.
Milla!
Emilia,
will you marry me?
Yes.
Oh, my God!
[laughing]
They want me to move
to Geneva,
like, full-time.
I can't leave New York.
You have only one spoon,
one plate.
You don't have nothing.
- I'm always working.
- I don't like that.
(Luis)
I was sitting with a client,
and I had a panic attack.
Close your eyes
and just breathe.
They will absolutely do
$11 million.
And we have a deal.
You really delivered here.
Let's get it done.
Motherf***er!
Oh, Jesus.
F***!
[upbeat music]
(Ryan)
My motto is expansion...
always in all ways.
(Luis)
New York City--
it's the most exciting city
for real estate,
and that's why I'm here.
(Fredrik)
I'm the closer
and a listing machine.
What makes me better is that
I work harder than anyone else.
Whee!
We're friends now,
right?
I don't need him,
and you don't either.
This will never end.
* *
[keys clacking]
Everyone have a minute?
514 Broome Street.
We were on the market
for $10 million,
and we went to contract
at $11 million,
which is awesome.
And then the buyer
went to jail.
So what I convinced
the owner to do
was to send us
his entire contact list.
I wasn't gonna give Roger the
satisfaction of just firing me.
You don't just lay down.
You fight. You persevere.
That's what
Jean-Claude Van Damme did,
and that's what he taught me.
I really do think
that the buyer for this house
is gonna be someone
in your personal network.
My gut is telling me
that one of those people
will have Roger's same likes
and sensibilities
and will connect in the same way
on this house,
and I am going to sell it
to them.
I want you to hand over
your entire Rolodex to me,
and I'm going to reach out
personally
to everybody
that you've ever met,
and I just know it in the core
that one of these people
will be the buyer.
Okay?
There's at least 22,000 names
and phone numbers in here.
So what I want to do
is I'm gonna break this up
into everybody,
and we're gonna call
every single person
that he has ever known.
There you go.
Thank you.
Does anyone have
any questions?
(woman)
No.
Whoever gets the buyer
gets the deal,
and that's how it works.
And pick up your phones.
Let's do it.
Brad Mohr,
I'm calling from Nest Seekers.
I am calling on behalf
of Roger Stein's townhouse.
Do you remember him?
Okay, I'm sorry.
Not your friend.
I will not call you again.
- Those are the best ones.
- Oh, he did not like him.
How's everyone doing out there?
Any leads?
A lot of hang-ups?
Roger hasn't deleted people
that, like, he doesn't talk to
and he shouldn't talk to.
Keep calling.
We're not leaving here until
we call every single person
he's ever known.
Hey, Eric.
I was given your information
by Roger Stein.
He has a townhouse in SoHo.
I'd love to send the details
over to you.
I would love
to show it to you.
What's your email address?
- Sure.
- Thank you, Peter.
Thanks, Eric.
[laughter]
Okay, how we doing?
Good?
B. Chan?
Jenna, what about you?
I got five.
One's a developer.
If I do find the buyer
through Roger's contact list,
by putting in that work,
by working my team,
and by sourcing, literally,
a needle in a haystack,
that shows why you pay brokers
commissions--
Good brokers, me.
[clicks tongue]
Finish calling
your call lists.
No one is allowed to go home
until you're done.
[upbeat dance music]
* *
(Fredrik)
Hi.
- What a gorgeous showroom.
- Thank you.
I think this is gonna be so good
for my buyers at 290 West
to finally touch and feel
and see the kitchens.
(Fredrik)
It's been a few days
since my boat party
for my new development,
290 West.
Zach!
When it's done and you see
all that glass and the water...
The entire roof
with a swimming pool.
Kitchens are all open,
all glass.
The party created
a lot of excitement.
In fact, I've been talking
to specific people
about specific units.
I heard you flew
from Mexico
to buy new construction
in Manhattan.
Yes.
I think the penthouse
is good for you.
So, in my efforts
to steer people away
from the dirty
construction site...
- Hi.
Oh, hi!
I am continuing
my off-site sales strategy.
(Lee)
This is some
beautiful cabinetry.
No handle.
No handle on all
of the lower cabinets.
- Try it. Try it.
- How do you open it?
(Fredrik)
Close your eyes
and pretend that you live here.
You own a 290 West.
Zach didn't provide
a sales gallery for me,
so I, instead, started
reaching out to the people
that are supplying the finishes
of the building.
And then the countertop is gonna
be exchanged to a marble.
(Lee)
Correct.
Since the apartments
aren't finished yet,
this is a great way of bringing
the renderings to life.
Lot of times, you know,
we wear nail polish,
and we put our hands here,
and nail polish
gets on the cabinet.
Is there a way
we can maybe have, like,
a little handle
that we can pull out?
Absolutely.
One of the reasons we picked
this particular manufacturer
is that you have an option
to upgrade or change.
For anyone
with really long claws...
we can add in a tiny,
little handle.
Are you saying I have
long claws, Fredrik?
No, no, no! I didn't say that.
I said just if you--
We don't want you
to break any nails.
This is the fridge.
(Esther)
Oh, that's a fridge.
- Yep.
- I thought it was a cabinet.
That's great.
(Fredrik)
It's all about the clean,
modern look.
It's phenomenal.
Selling new construction
without a sales gallery,
that's a major undertaking.
But thinking of $3 million
in commission,
I think I'm motivated.
Beautiful views,
really high ceilings,
amazing kitchens.
That you can customize.
- I mean, it's amazing.
- I like it.
(Fredrik)
I really appreciate you coming.
I look forward to getting
your deal sheets faxed to me
before 2:00 p.m.--
full ask.
[upbeat dance music]
* *
(Ryan)
While my team continues
to work the phones
on Broome Street,
I have some other business
to attend to.
Hello.
- Good to see you.
Do you live here?
No.
Does it look like I do?
There's a lot of alcohol,
so I don't know.
It's good to see you.
What about it?
So I've got
this listing there.
And I'm asking $10 million.
I know for a fact that
$10 million is not the number
that you have in mind.
Pretty much trying
to f*** with me.
That is delusional,
and the fact that you actually
stand by that number
makes me want to vomit.
(Ryan)
Luis has a developer
who wants to buy every single
apartment on this floor
to create one big luxury home.
Without my client's unit...
they can't do that.
$10 million?
That really is your number?
It's only, like,
$6,200 a foot.
Doesn't sound terrible.
The apartment is not even
worth $1.5 million.
An absolutely monstrous
building
is being constructed...
probably some 80 feet
or so.
And then if that
weren't enough,
there's a double whammy.
A second one
right across the street.
(Luis)
He's going to have
the darkest apartment
on planet Earth.
Right now he has
a very good opportunity
to walk away
with $1.5 million.
So that's your offer,
is 1.5 million?
Yes.
(Ryan)
The last time a two-bedroom
on Central Park South
was worth $1.5 million,
Luis was still in diapers.
And I was three.
The total square footage
is what?
Of everything
that he wants to do?
5,000 feet.
What do you think we could ask
for that apartment?
$25 million.
Michael has got
about 1,600 square feet
of the 5,000 square feet.
* *
Give me a counter.
I think for that apartment,
based on what
Ian is trying to do,
that $7 million...
[laughs]
Is a solid number.
Why are you laughing?
You are clearly lost
in some...
fairy tale.
I will give you
$1.750 million.
That is $250,000 over
what that apartment is worth.
What is this?
[mouth full]
Oh, my God.
It's avocado in there.
We're prepared to give him
something,
but how can I even give you
a number, a real number,
when you're in f***ing
planet Jupiter?
All right, good.
Listen, Santa Claus,
to get him to move...
the bottom line
that he has given me
is $5 million.
You are full of sh**.
(Ryan)
With Michael's unit,
full-floor apartment.
Without Michael's unit,
no full-floor apartment.
- Okay.
- Listen--
Sit down. Sit down.
Sit down.
Let me talk to you
for a second.
We're almost the same height
level when you stand,
so sit down
for one second.
Don't touch me, bro.
$5 million
gets the deal done.
I'm gonna give you $2 million,
and that's as much
as I'm going to go.
I--
[exhales deeply]
I got all the time
in the world.
Oh, I'm sure you do,
because this is the only deal
you're working on.
Because I care about it.
How can we make
this deal work?
Tell me a real number.
To come from $10 million
to $7 million to $5 million,
you're starting at outrageous,
and now you're ending
at ridiculous.
This is not
how you negotiate,papi.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom,
and I want a f***ing response.
[dramatic music]
Please wash your hands.
* *
We have reached
50% sold at 290 West.
50%!
That pays the bank back.
You got to be f***ing
kidding me.
That's the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard.
[dramatic music]
* *
(Luis)
Do we have a deal,
or do we have a deal?
$4 million,
and that's it.
I think we're
getting somewhere.
No bullsh**.
$4 million.
I'll give you
$2 1/2 million.
Tell him we've maxed out
at $2.5 million.
Okay.
I'll tell him.
"Maxed out at $2.5 million."
Now we wait.
[tense music]
* *
You agree that $2.5 million
is a good deal.
[cell phone chimes]
"$4 million,
my bottom.
They don't want it,
leave."
(Luis)
Ian doesn't want to spend
more than $6 million for
the remaining of the apartments.
We've already spent half of that
in 12-D.
Contract's out.
Love it.
Which means I only have
$3 million left.
I cannot spend more than that
on Ryan's apartment.
I'm not doing a deal
for more than $2 1/2 million.
[tense music]
* *
We're done.
Congratulations.
Thanks for the avocado.
[sighs]
[upbeat funky music]
* *
(Fredrik)
Hi, Jordan.
I'm on my way to Zach's
apartment for an update on 290.
Just want to make sure that
that last B-line got signed.
And that penthouse A
at $12,750,000 is signed, right?
Amazing.
I think it's fair to say
at this point
that I definitely know
how to rock the boat.
We think that the three of us
should have a baby.
Not only did I come back ashore
with the greatest gift
of my entire life,
but I also got not only one,
not two, not three--
four offers,
including one
of the penthouses.
I'm home.
Oh, good to see you.
And once I started taking people
to the kitchen showroom,
two more sold.
[imitates
train whistle blowing]
290,
it's doing really well.
The big news,
as of this morning,
I accepted $12,750,000
full ask
on penthouse A.
We have reached 50% sold
at 290 West.
Whee!
What are the terms
of the contract?
Full ask, they're paying
all closing costs.
Transfer tax?
- Everything.
- Everything?
Everything on them.
Okay.
That's your reaction--
"Okay"?
I mean, I just sold out half the
building with hardly any tools.
We only been on the market for
a little bit of time and 50%.
That pays the bank back.
"The bank, the bank,
the bank."
I mean, come on, please.
I sold half the building
in just a few weeks.
And you know what?
$3,100 per square foot
blended average
was exactly
what I promised.
I mean, we're setting records,
if I might add.
Now, I've come to you
with one request.
We want you to be...
godfather for Milla.
Really?
Seeing that Lynn gave her eggs
and good news to us
at the party I threw for Zach
at 290 West,
Derek and I started talking
about our little project.
That's the best thing
I heard.
Finally, a reaction
from Zach Vella.
This is amazing.
Zach, the godfather.
Zach and I have been working
together now for five years.
I mean,
that's a dozen projects,
and as much as we disagree
sometimes in business
and we don't see
eye to eye always,
we've become
really good friends.
Zach and his business partner
were the only two developers
that were invited
to my wedding.
I'm honored, and I couldn't
imagine anything better.
I'm happy for you guys,
and that was a huge surprise.
Thank you.
What's the timeline here?
Last time I checked,
it's nine months
you have to wait.
Since Derek
and I have been waiting
such a long time for this,
we don't want to waste
any more time.
We have to celebrate
a little here.
[cork pops]
Ooh.
So we want to start the process,
actually, immediately with Lynn.
And we're already looking
for a surrogate.
It is really happening.
Cheers for Milla!
- Cheers. Cheers.
- Whee!
- I'm happy for you guys.
- Thank you.
[upbeat music]
* *
Yuri, we're going to SoHo.
Remember Roger?
Remember the coffee?
Oh.
Just hang here.
(Ryan)
As long as Central Park South
remains at a stalemate,
it's time for me to put
another listing to bed
once and for all.
- Ryan.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- Your favorite broker.
I guess we'll see
about that.
I'm pretty sure it was a mix
of groveling
and chutzpah that got me
a second chance with Roger.
I am certain
there will not be a third.
So...
thank you for giving us
your contact list.
I have a lot
of interesting people.
I'm sure.
It worked.
This guy Seth--
tennis player.
Like, 30 years ago, you used to
play doubles with this guy
at a club.
We were good friends.
- He was actually a great guy.
- He's super interested.
Actually, in the city,
and ironically enough,
is looking for a place.
And he offered
7 million bucks.
- $7 million?
- Yes.
You got to be f***ing
kidding me, Ryan.
That's the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard.
You had $11 million--
$11 million.
You come in here
and bring me $7 million?
It's like that scene
inDesperado
with Antonio Banderas,
and he whips out the guns
out of his guitar cases.
That's what's happening
in front of me.
So you don't like $7 million?
That's what you're saying?
Hopefully, we can still retain
our friendship
after you sign
the other contract
that I'm bringing you
from your other friend,
a guy named Jay,
who's at the table
with $10 million.
And this is a guy
that's not incarcerated?
Not yet,
but he's one of your friends,
and if he acts the way
you do in public around people,
he could go to jail tomorrow.
[laughs]
But he's gonna give you
$10 million for your house,
and I want to lock it up now.
* *
Take the $10 million.
Let's do it.
This is why I have
premature gray hair, man.
- I thought you dyed it gray.
- No, I don't dye it gray!
- [laughs]
- It's 'cause people like you.
You stress me the f*** out.
Not only did I not lose
this deal,
I procured the buyer directly
out of thin air.
We're gonna call every single
person that he has ever known.
He isn't represented
by another agent,
and that means I just scored
a double commission.
$600,000 for me.
How good is that?
Wow.
How expensive is that?
That's not coming
out of my commission,
just so you know.
$4 million is ridiculous.
That destroys
the whole mission.
(Luis)
Ian.
Hey, Ricky.
How are you?
- How are you? Very well.
- What's been going on?
The negotiation with Ryan
was a straight-up fiasco.
We're prepared
to give him something,
but how can I even give you
a real number
when you're in f***ing
planet Jupiter?
Ryan was just wasting my time.
We did the best we could.
What's the problem?
Originally, he came in
with $10 million,
which is
obviously ridiculous.
But then he came down
to $4 million.
$4 million is ridiculous.
At $4 million,
there is zero margin for me.
I understand that.
That destroys
the whole mission.
I already spent $3 million
on 12-D.
Even though it's a much smaller
apartment than Ryan's,
it has park views
which makes it worth
much more.
I don't have $4 million
to spend.
The whole mission impossible
is now impossible
at $4 million.
Yes, yes, yes.
Don't bring me
a $4 million offer.
That's useless. I could have
went and paid the guy
a lot less than that
and got this myself.
One second, one second,
one second.
Listen to me.
It's not even the $4 million.
It's the fact that they think
that we need them
in order to move along.
That's a traditional
hold-out mentality.
100%.
What did you proposed to them,
and what have they offered you?
I went all the way up
to 2.5 million.
Ricky...
I want those units.
I want those apartments
the same way you do.
Ryan will not come down
from $4 million
because he doesn't want to show
his client
that his strategy
was a disaster.
But...
I'm gonna help Ryan
save his reputation.
The strategy is for us
to market what we have.
Let's do the biggest party
the world has ever seen.
It's not even
for the people
that are gonna come
to this event.
It's for Ryan and Michael
to know that we're
moving forward without them.
Once they realize
that we're moving forward,
that apartment goes back
to its current value,
and Michael's going
to blame Ryan
for not being able
to deliver,
and he's gonna blame himself
for even hiring a broker
to try to do something
that did not work.
That's my plan.
If we're not able
to get the entire floor
and have the elevator open
directly into the unit,
this is not
a $25 million apartment.
In fact, this is not even
a $20 million apartment.
[dramatic music]
Let's market the sh**
out of this apartment,
see what we can get,
and get them back to the table.
Let's do it.
Yes.
I'm going to make sure
that the first invitation that
Ronita sends about this party
is addressed specifically
to Ryan Serhant.
But let me warn you--
failure in this situation
is not an option.
Failure is not an option
for me either.
- Okay, good.
- So we will do this.
- It's a good strategy.
- All right.
- Okay? I'll trust it.
- Ricky.
- Yes?
- You have some selling to do.
(Luis)
Yes, I do.
[hip-hop music]
* *
[cell phone chimes]
This is Ryan.
(Michael on phone)
Hi, Ryan. This is Michael.
Hey, Michael.
How are you?
I am good.
I'm a little exhausted,
actually.
I, um...
I don't think you'd believe me
if I told you
what the negotiation was like.
We were in a--
basically, in a vault...
No.
I have endurance.
That's why you hired me.
I do.
I--
I take back
that I'm tired.
I'm standing firm at
$4 million for your apartment,
and they are stuck, stuck,
stuck, stuck, stuck
at $2 1/2 million.
A little bit.
It's a little tricky
because he believes so strongly
that the apartment is only worth
$1 1/2 million,
given the construction,
et cetera, et cetera, et cetera,
that they're willing
to offer you
a $1 million premium
over that,
otherwise, you know,
may you forever rest
in dark, cave-y
apartment peace.
We're on the same page.
I will do absolutely everything
in my power
to bring them as high
as I possibly can.
All right, so
I'm still working on it,
and I will keep you posted
and do everything that I can.
[sighs]
[upbeat music]
* *
[light harp music]
[gasps]
* *
[laughs]
(Fredrik)
I already had to be
really creative
when I was selling
this building,
but tonight I need to be
more creative than ever.
This is amazing.
You got all the directions
right--in the email.
I have a very important client
to impress.
I mean, probably the most
important client I have.
Christian,
this is Fredrik.
- Fredrik, Christian.
- Nice to meet you.
He's our butler
for the evening.
Mmm.
Better be expensive.
Only the best of the best.
My client is arriving
from London any moment.
Whee!
No details were spared.
* *
Everything
has to be perfect.
(Michelle)
Okay.
This is our one moment
to surprise, impress,
perfect.
[Latin music]
* *
(Luis)
Okay, do we have another vase?
- I need one more vase here.
- Okay. I'm looking for it.
All right,
the place is looking beautiful.
There's 150 people
on tonight's guest list.
Everything has to be perfect,
even the ropes.
They look miserable.
But 149 are only props.
It's part of the plan.
Let's do the biggest party
the world has ever seen.
It's not even
for the people
that are gonna come
to this event.
It's for Ryan and Michael
to know that we're moving
forward without them.
Did you make sure
that this is the kind of color
that Ryan likes?
[upbeat dance music]
[indistinct conversations]
* *
(Luis)
Hello. How are you?
- What's up?
- Welcome. Welcome.
Good to see you.
How are you?
Thank you for coming.
Ian and I have already acquired
2/3 of the entire floor.
The view is just beautiful.
Thank you.
Good to see you.
(Luis)
And it is very possible
that everybody
in this open house
has a buyer for this apartment
as it is.
That's why I have renderings.
That's why I have floor plans.
We're priced
at $18 million,
so I think
we're very reasonable.
Wonderful.
But I have no intentions
of selling the apartment
the way it is.
I just need to make sure that
one person believes that I do.
Excuse me one second.
Where's--
where's Ryan?
He's gonna show up.
He RSVP'd.
* *
Do you remember this?
[Fredrik gasps]
That was the first painting.
It's the first one
you ever did.
- It's the first one.
- Still have it.
But I think
it's done, right?
We just need to sign it.
No, no, I want to continue
on it.
Can I do it now?
Of course you can.
You know what
you're gonna do?
Mm-hmm.
I've seen you.
I've studied you.
It's like a dog.
[chuckles]
It's like a sausage dog.
It's not muddy.
This is what I want.
- I want the scratch.
- Okay.
(Fredrik)
Wait, wait. I'm not done.
Oh, sh**.
(Derek)
Oh, my God.
You think I'm ruining it?
No, I think it looks
so good.
I'm very impressed.
[chuckles]
I just need to do
one last thing here.
Did you hear me?
[inhales deeply]
Okay, I think
I'm almost done.
Now it's getting muddy.
What did I say?
- You said that.
- You didn't listen to me.
[classical musical flourish]
[light rock music]
* *
(Fredrik)
So come here to the left.
[light harp music]
This is the hallway.
[chuckling]
This is the--
Wait. Open the door, babe.
Open the door.
[chuckling]
Oh, it's so heavy.
* *
(Fredrik)
Derek just flew in from London
where he was visiting
his parents.
And for the very first time,
he's seeing our new home.
* *
(Fredrik)
I've had so many
amazing memories here,
like, little Mousey
over there,
Fritzy begging for food
in the kitchen,
Derek sitting naked,
reading a book.
Derek and I have actually
been talking for a while now
about putting our place
on the market.
Out with the old,
in with the new.
And with Milla coming,
it was the perfect time
to start fresh
and find a new place
where we're gonna grow a family.
This is the bedroom,
right here.
If you wake up--
And that's all gla--
That's one piece of glass.
- You like it?
- Incredible. I love it.
* *
Derek and I
are now proud owners
of a huge three-bedroom loft
facing the river at 290 West.
[upbeat music]
And Milla, you know what?
She's gonna be able to watch
Hudson River sunset
from her crib.
[chuckles]
You know how hard I worked
to get here.
I mean, to travel all the way
to New York, to begin with,
and then to search
the whole world to find you
and then to be able for us
to have an apartment like this.
My wish is just that
I want us to be as strong
together as possible.
You know, I think we really need
to be tight as parents.
I think having a big house
is great,
and all these other things
are great,
but I think this
is more important,
like, us being strong.
I agree with you.
As long as you and I
are together,
it doesn't really matter
where we are.
I mean, that's why
I like the idea
of doing this
in a construction site,
'cause here we are.
There's no kitchen,
no walls, no glass.
Just dusty concrete,
and look at us,
having a romantic--
romantic moment.
(Fredrik)
I've always wanted a family.
I was alone for so many years,
working so hard.
So now we're gonna be
this little unit.
This little solar system.
What more can I ask for?
(Fredrik)
I'll never get sick
of this view.
This view.
[chuckles]
I will never
get sick of it.
[Derek laughs]
* *
[squeaks]
[tense music]
* *
[indistinct conversations]
- Did you see the floor plan?
- Yeah.
I mean, you can basically have
three little floors.
Excuse me one second.
Where's--
where's Ryan?
He's gonna show up.
He RSVP'd.
* *
Ian had to jump on a plane
very last minute to Europe
this afternoon,
and I'm expecting to give him
good news by the time he lands.
He's gonna show up.
But if Ryan doesn't show up,
I'm gonna have to throw
this phone
outside these
$25 million windows.
* *
Thanks.
Um...
I will--
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
100%.
I'm sorry.
I'm distracted.
(woman)
I have to tell you...
Thank you very much.
Can you guys give me one second,
please?
Sure.
Finally.
[upbeat dance music]
Now let's put on a show.
Wow.
This is an amazing place.
(Luis)
We have right now
about 3,200 square feet.
- 75.
- Wow.
I've actually searched
for 75 feet of frontage
of entertainment space
in Central Park South,
and there hasn't been one
for at least 30 years.
[speaking Spanish]
Price is $18 million.
Done.
Done and done.
Now get yourself a drink.
- Thank you.
- Good to see you.
Ryan.
Finally decided to show up.
Uh-huh.
So what do you think?
It's the most beautiful display
of plumbing risers
I've ever seen.
* *
(Ryan)
It seems a little strange to me
that Luis would just drop
the negotiation
without getting
Michael's apartment,
but I certainly
did not get involved in this
to walk away with nothing.
All right,
so here's the deal.
Michael's not easy,
but I've worked my ass off
for you.
He believes so strongly
that the apartment is only worth
$1 1/2 million.
They're willing to offer you
a $1 million premium over that.
I'm gonna save your breath.
If you have an offer
at $4 million still,
we're not interested.
We weren't interested before,
we're not interested now,
and we will not be interested
in the future.
Shh.
I'm still talking.
The apartment's worth
$1.5 million.
You and I both know that.
I'm not stupid.
You're not stupid.
If you want to buy him out
so that you can get
all of that back space,
I want a 100% markup.
I want $3 million.
[tense music]
I feel that I'm being forced
out of the apartment
that I love to live in,
with a crowbar,
but if it's
a million-dollar crowbar...
It's a million-dollar crowbar.
Then I would sell.
- That's an expensive crowbar.
- Million-dollar crowbar.
- Let's do it.
- Okay.
This is still an amazing deal.
If Michael doesn't get out now
and those towers go up,
uh, he's f***ed.
You really are...
Beautiful,
I know.
3 million bucks.
You got yourself a deal.
I think I want
a little more now.
[tense music]
* *
You know, I hate you,
and I love you at the same time.
Shake my hand,
'cause this is not gonna last.
[upbeat music]
Deal.
I have to admit
that you are--
You brought
the best of me.
- [laughs]
- Good job, really.
You as well.
I don't think anyone else
could have kept me
at the table for that long.
Do you want to get a drink
and celebrate?
- Yes.
- Come here.
Let's do it.
Ryan and I have always been
very competitive.
That's why we've always had
a rocky relationship.
- Is that really yours?
- Uh, yes.
- Did you buy that?
- Yes.
(Ryan)
How expensive is that?
Maybe I need to come
work for you.
- Maybe.
- You are rich.
But I think tonight
we walk away from this deal
with mutual respect
for each other.
And I'm also walking away with
a $25 million apartment to sell.
(Ryan)
Luis did a good job.
And so did I.
Luis got
what his developer wanted,
and I got
what my seller wanted.
So, listen, we actually
finally did a deal.
Finally.
This one was a little more
intense than usual.
This one was very intense.
(Ryan)
At the end of the day,
what's most important
is our clients.
And through all of it,
we basically got our clients
exactly what they wanted.
So, for old times' sake
and to looking forward...
Absolutely.
And sh**'s about to get real.
Let's go.
- Bitch.
- You f***er.
[Luis laughs]
[light guitar music]
* *
Where are we going?
I got a surprise.
I don't like surprises.
This past year has been...
I mean, my craziest year,
to date.
(woman)
Congratulations.
Here's your next project
to sell out.
What?
This is the next building.
20 million bucks,
here I come, baby!
[laughs]
Whoo!
What do you think
about living here?
- What are you saying?
- I think we should buy it.
And I think I say
that every year,
but I also think that
that's how it's supposed to be.
Did you get me a pony?
I didn't get you a pony.
I want every year to be bigger
and better than the last,
both professionally
and personally.
Emilia,
will you marry me?
[sobs]
I went from single
to girlfriend
to now being engaged,
and next year
I'm gonna be married, and then--
Oh, my God.
I have to have kids.
(Emilia)
I got promoted today.
They want me to move
to Geneva.
To Geneva?
- I am--
- Put your phone away.
- Look.
- My phone is away.
[whispering]
Why are we at a furniture store?
We need nice furniture...
now that I'm gonna stay...
in New York.
I turned down the job
in Switzerland.
What?
I want to be here.
[laughs]
Good.
If I could,
I would go back in time,
and I would go up
to my little kid self,
and I would just say,
"You made it."
All right, let's go
furniture shopping.
* *
- I think the chair's cool.
- That's awesome.
- That fits you very well.
- That looks like you.
- Yeah.
- Very white and leathery.
[women laugh]
[whispering]
This looks like
really expensive furniture.
It is very expensive
furniture.
Maybe we should go
to Geneva.
Uh, no.
[laughs]
* *
(Ronita)
Look what we got.
Ricellys
got a new exclusive.
I love it.
I know.
It's a good one.
This year has been...
a hell of a journey.
I think we're having
a problem.
I know.
We're making a lot of mistakes.
I think we just need
additional support.
We need some help.
One of the most important things
that I've learned...
Good morning, guys.
Good morning, good morning,
good morning.
Is that I have to surround
myself with great people.
We got a new member
on our team--Devin Leahy.
I'm sure everybody already
have actually met him.
That's why I'm continuing
to grow my team.
Last week we did $37 million
in contracts,
so congratulations.
[applause]
But it's not only in business.
[light piano music]
* *
- Luis.
- Yes.
In your apartment.
I know a lot of people.
* *
[laughter]
(Luis)
We got paella. We got empanadas.
And vegetable and shrimp.
We got mofongo.
I'm now making
a very conscious decision
to change all aspects
of my life.
I must say, I'm amazed--
taking care of the dinner.
I'm becoming a new man.
- There he is.
- Hey.
Can I get you
some wine, please?
Guys, listen.
I just realize that life
really is about memories,
and it's about friendship,
and it's about family,
and it's about spending time
with people that you love
and sharing those moments
that you'll forever remember.
So I love you incredibly,
and this year is going to be
the best.
-Salud.
(all)
Salud.
[electronic dance music]
(man)
And go.
[camera shutter clicking]
* *
You're selling it.
(Fredrik)
This was the perfect time
to write and release a book.
- You're slouching.
- Slouching?
Mm-hmm.
Stand more erect.
- Erect?
- Mm-hmm.
[laughter]
(Fredrik)
I'm the number-one
real-estate agent
in New York City,
but the irony of this
is that it's almost like
an end of an era.
- Oh.
- That's amazing.
- That's it. That is nice.
- Money shot.
The book is,
cover to cover,
400 pages of information.
And when I close that,
release it,
send it off to the readers,
a new chapter starts.
It's almost like a new book
in my life.
I'm always gonna be doing
real estate,
but now...
You have paint
in your nose.
I'm gonna be a father.
Milla!
Priorities are gonna switch
and change.
Are you gonna fit a little crib,
baby crib in here too?
Maybe we can do a painting
of her when she arrives.
I have so many visions of me,
Derek, and Milla--
this new trio.
Every night as the sun sets,
we walk by the river
and this little baby carriage,
and there she is--
this blonde little creature
with big blue eyes,
and I just feel such calmness.
She basically gonna be
in our arms
this time next year.
To have a family,
to be in love,
to be married,
and to have Milla,
it's finally a reality.
* *
For moreMillion Dollar Listing
New York,
check out bravotv.com.